OK so let's go back to our code here and the next step is to update polls would like.
OK.
And this is yours you know fetching fetching would be nice.
Faxing poll the right polls or something probably misspelled this like always right.
So let's go over here and start updating our polls.
So the first thing that I want to do is I want to make a query here.
And you know what I'm going to make the Querrey and you're going to pass a connection here and make
the Querrey right here.
So that way I don't have to create an extra variable for it.
OK.
So let's update
folks and let's set that likes.
OK.
So that variable like this and let's add one to it.
So what's going to happen every time we click on the Like button here.
Let's go back.
We're going to be updating the likes
dislikes field by one.
OK.
So that's going to be one like and so on to likes if we click it again.
So let's go ahead and add Where is ID because when you make sure it's the right polls and which is going
to put the post ID that we got ok like that.
If you want a separation.
You know you can make it that way looks nice.
And just going to leave it like that.
OK.
Now this like cear do does need a equal symbol there.
So that's all we're going to do in this one here.
Let's go and let's just put this come in here.
And we don't need this.
I was just checking things out.
So let's go and see if this works for fresh.
We are going to like it.
Let's go back here.
Let's browse 1:39.
It should be one like here.
OK.
Let's go back and actually I was right there sorry and let's like it again like it
hands refresh and you can see that it's two legs here.
If you can see and you're going to make a little close put a little closer for you see the two lights.
And he has 82 counts.
OK.
Pretty awesome.
On the next lecture we are going to be creating the like for that specific pose.
See you then.